Organize contents of repository according to its own guidelines (#26)
open-education-hub/methodology: README.md

# Open Education Hub Methodology

The Open Education Hub methodology presents the resources and guides to developing, using and maintaining digital educational content repositories.

> The methodology is is anchored in the use of the open source development model and in developing open educational resources (OER).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The methodology is anchored in the use of the open source development model and in developing open educational resources (OER).
```

> Th open source development model is concerned about using open source tools, an open process for contributing, reviewing and mantainig content and the fostering of communities around content repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The open source development model is concerned about using open source tools, an open process for contributing, reviewing and maintaining content and the fostering of communities around content repositories.
```

> Open educational resource (OER) have the 5R attributes that stimulate the collaborative development and of digital content: retain, reuse, revise, remix, redistribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open educational resources (OER) have the 5R attributes that stimulate the collaborative development of digital content: retain, reuse, revise, remix, redistribute.
```

Reviewer: Maybe put a link here to a description of those terms.
